New config setup for GitLab (#7803)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/gitlab-integration.adoc

[#sign-up]
== Sign up

GitLab support is open to both new and existing users of CircleCI. Follow the steps on the xref:first-steps#gitlab-signup[Sign up and try CircleCI] page to connect your GitLab account to create your organization.

NOTE: You will need API access and write permissions on the repository you want to set up. Within GitLab, this is the “maintainer” role or higher.

> When you create a new organization and connect your GitLab account, you will be prompted to create a new project from a repository. You will also have the following options to set up a CircleCI configuration for your project:

Reviewer: You will have these options (Fastest, Faster and Fast) if the repository selected doesn't already have a circleci config file

Reviewer 2: @kbatuigas this sounds like it differs to how things are in the current GH/BB flow then, because currently setting up a project where there is already a config file in the repo you still get presented with the Fastest, Faster and Fast options 🤔

Reviewer: @rosieyohannan Honestly I am confused about some of the flow in the current GH/BB environment. Why do we show fast/faster/fastest for a project with a circleci config already? The point of showing these options is for setting up the config file. It feels redundant but I guess this is a problem to solve with Product. I can raise this with them.

Author: @adewunmiadesokan yeah this is definitely still the case - just confirmed with a BB repo I have that already contains a config

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36839689/222511845-00a0ea53-4089-432a-89ae-05ab7df92432.png)

* **Fastest**: Use an existing `config.yml` in one of your repos.
+

> You can select any repository in your account that already has a `.circleci/config.yml`. The config file may be in the main branch, or a feature branch. You may select the same repo that you are setting up as a project, if you have already created a `.circleci` directory at the root of the repo, and added a `config.yml` file in that directory. You may also use _another_ repository that has previously been set up with a CircleCI configuration file. The `.circleci/config.yml` is imported into your new project--CircleCI automatically creates a new branch and adds a commit for you. 

Reviewer: The options for fastest | faster | fast only show up if the repo you are trying to set-up has no circleci config file. So if you select the same repo here there won't be any config found.
Ideally, the user will want to select another repo with a config file in it.

[#sign-up]
== Sign up

GitLab support is open to both new and existing users of CircleCI. Follow the steps on the xref:first-steps#gitlab-signup[Sign up and try CircleCI] page to connect your GitLab account to create your organization.

NOTE: You will need API access and write permissions on the repository you want to set up. Within GitLab, this is the “maintainer” role or higher.

When you create a new organization and connect your GitLab account, you will be prompted to create a new project from a repository. You may select a repo in which you have already created a `.circleci` directory at the root of the repo, with a `config.yml` file in that directory. 

If your selected repo does _not_ already have a `.circleci/config.yml`, you will be presented with the following options to set up a CircleCI configuration for your project:

* **Fastest**: Use an existing `config.yml` in one of your repos.
+

> You can select _another_ repository in your account that has previously been set up with a CircleCI configuration. The `.circleci/config.yml` file may be in the main branch, or a feature branch. The config is imported into your new project--CircleCI automatically creates a new branch and adds a commit for you. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe add that a pipeline is auto triggered for the first two options?

Reviewer 2: I know this is in the section below but reading it I feel like it won't hurt to say it here too.

* **Faster**: Commit a starter CI pipeline to a new branch.
+
CircleCI automatically creates a new branch and commits a basic configuration file. You may make further changes to the file afterwards in your GitLab repo.

> * **Fast**: Use a config.yml template that you can edit and save.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Fast**: Use a `config.yml` template that you can edit and save.
```

+

> You can choose a sample `.circleci/config.yml` from a variety of templates that best fits your project (for example, Node.js, Python, iOS apps). You can make changes to the file in CircleCI before saving. The config is commited on a new branch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can choose a sample `.circleci/config.yml` to best fit your project from a variety of templates (for example, Node.js, Python, iOS apps). You can make changes to the file in CircleCI before saving. The config is committed on a new branch.
```

Reviewer 2: Suggestion for readability
